#summary One-sentence summary of this page.
#labels templater,phpdtb,php

= 自由开发模板说明 =
你如果需要开发模板，请看此文章。


= 详细说明 =
PHPdtb 的模板开发请先看以下说明
存放路径在根目录/template

默认目录结果是这样的。
./template/
./template/default
./template/default/en-us    (英文模板目录)
./template/default/zh-cn     (中文模板目录)

你要建立一个新的模板只需要建立对应的目录就可以了，改一下default为你的模板名称，只能是英文字母。
中英文目录名是固定的。

进入中英文目录后
里面会有 images javascript orther style
这些目录是这样分配的。

images      存放图片的目录。模板详细开发，请直接看默认模板。
javascript  存放JS的目录。默认模板中使用了Jquery 框架。
orther       存放其它文件的，如果FLASH等文件。
style         存放模板样式的目录

注意，PHPdtb 模板采用了最流行的PHP模板引擎Smarty 。

请先看一下默认模板的写法，再进行模板开发。
另外要查看每个变量的详细，请在index.php 文件中进行输出就可以了。
推荐在调用模板结束前，使用PHP代码 print_r($GLOBAL);
复制代码这样可以查看所有变量的详细。

开发好的模板，如果愿意，请在本版发布跟大家分享。

开源是伟大的，更需要大家的共同支持，你使用开源软件的同时也是对开源的一种支持。

 summary One-sentence summary of this page. 

= Freedom to develop a template description = 
If you need to develop a template, see this article. 


= Detailed description = 
PHPdtb template development please see the following note 
Stored in the root directory path / template 

The result is the default directory like this. 
. / template / 
. / template / default 
. / template / default / en-us (English template directory) 
. / template / default / zh-cn (Chinese template directory) 

You have to create a new template only need to establish the corresponding directory on it, change the default template for your name, only letters of the alphabet. 
Chinese and English directory name is fixed. 

Directory after entering the Chinese and English 
There will be images javascript orther style 
These directories are allocated as such. 

images stored picture directory. Detailed the development of templates, please see the default template. 
javascript stored JS directory. The default template used Jquery framework. 
orther store other documents, if FLASH and other documents. 
style directory stored template style 

Note, PHPdtb template using the most popular PHP template engine Smarty. 

Please look at the wording of the default template, and then carried out to develop a template. 
In addition To view details of each variable, please index.php file for output on it. 
Recommended in the call before the end of the template, the use of PHP code print_r ($ GLOBAL); 
Copy this code can view details of all the variables. 

The development of a good template, if you wish, please Excerpts released by sharing with you. 

Open source is a great need everyone's support, you use open source software is also a kind of support for open source.